Now, because appetite gets suppressed,
now you actually have to tell people
what they should and should not be
eating with some
accuracy. And the recommendations are
the exact
opposite.
[Music]
Hi, my name is John Jish. I'm a doctor
of biomedical engineering. Today I'm
going to give you my perspective in the
summary of some research on how GLP
agonist peptides
are showing the whole world that you
have been lied to about nutrition. Most
of the medical recommendations in the
past 20 years, especially when it comes
to nutrition, have been very focused on
vegetables.
We've been told vegetables are healthy
for us. There's micronutrients that we
need out of vegetables, but for the most
part, the most interesting thing about
vegetables, I think, is found in the
book Toxic Superfoods by Dr. Sally
Norton. This is where she goes over how
much of what is in vegetables is not
good for you at all, and it is driving
chronic inflammation. And that's
ultimately going to be a source of a lot
of disease, cancer primarily. But
there's a lot of different factors
there. And I'm not saying vegetables
cause cancer. I'm saying there's not a
chance they help based on the
inflammation that they provide. And that
seems to be what keeps cancer cells
growing and keeps the body from being
able to fight off the cancer growth is
just chronic inflammation. So, but all
that's been ignored because the the
advice has been, oh, you you might want
to eat meat once a week or once a month
or something like that. The standard
recommendation for protein intake is
ludicrously low. Also, we've been told
by medical authorities and even the
Biden White House said there's no such
thing as unhealthy food. Like, that's
actually something someone said. That's
so it's almost criminal. That's such
such bad advice. But I'm a health
evangelist. I care about my own health.
I care about everybody's health. Uh my
business is all set up to help people be
as healthy as possible. So I I I think
um it was just general frustration for
from my world. But then the GLP agonists
came along and it was very apparent
for those who were prescribed these
things or bought them off of a research
website more likely. Now that people are
on these appetite suppression peptides,
now they're told, "Oh, you need to focus
on protein otherwise you're you're
really going to fall apart and you want
to lower your amount of fiber because
your digestion slows down. fiber can
cause blockages. I'm looking at these
recommendations and I'm thinking,
"Wow, y'all just lied to us for like 30
years." And now, now because appetite
gets suppressed, now you actually have
to tell people what they should and
should not be eating with some
accuracy. and the recommendations are
the exact
opposite. Now, I'm a huge fan of GLP
peptides. Yes, they're getting a lot of
criticism, but the criticism that
they're getting is
mostly false. And let me tell you why.
Uh like blindness, for example, has been
associated with the GLP agonists. But
the blindness actually comes from type 2
diabetes. So when you give a diabetic
a peptide that helps diabetics and then
some diabetic happens to them, why
would you blame the peptide? In fact, if
somebody has been on this for long
enough and eats responsibly, cuz
ultimately what they're eating is what's
going to cause either blindness or
completely healing from the glucose
reception and insulin reception
dysfunction that is seen with type 2
diabetes.
If you change your diet, that doesn't
happen. So
now these health care professionals,
they can't hide anymore. The entire
concept of the GLPs have just shine the
light on the fact that we've been given
terrible recommendations.
You should clearly be low carbohydrate.
You should clearly have a high level of
protein so that you can replicate
replicate cells. I I'm not even just
talking about building muscle. So, if
somebody is watching this and you know,
let's say you have a a spouse that or
girlfriend, boyfriend, whatever, that
doesn't care for
exercise, which is terrible because
that's basically the best metabolic
thing you could ever do. Uh, let's say
somebody doesn't like it. Well, eating
healthy will still get you in a much
better place with your health. So
focusing on protein, lowering fiber,
which does nothing for you. Everything
you've been told about fiber is just
absolute lie. I'll put up some research
about that. The GLPS showed us that you
were lied to. That's the takeaway.
Please leave comments if you want to
argue with me. I encourage it. Thanks
and see you on the next one. If this
video helped you, I want you to
subscribe and follow. I'm going to put
out videos on a regular basis. I think
they're going to help a whole lot of
people, especially if you're one of
those people that doesn't just instantly
grow from lifting regular weights. We've
got the answer for you.